... if one urinates into a vessel with a narrow neck or jar, into any other vessel like these, without having been ordered by the elder, except for the place of those who are very ill and the elders of advanced years and these others, he is to ask the elder.
And if it is necessary for some among us to use anything of this sort, to defecate into vessels of this sort through necessity or physical incapacity or hindrance to the foot making him unable to walk, they are to ask the elder.
Apart from these, children or anyone else, if they defecate into any vessels of this sort, let them be accursed.
The one who ordains a sinful deed against his neighbour in deceitfulness is accursed.
He does not know, but because of ill-feeling he says that which is not, whether a man or woman.
He is accursed who says by way of confusion that he has seen in a dream how so-and-so and such-and-such destroy themselves with deeds of wickedness, whether man or woman.
They are all accursed who practice deceit in any assembly of the Lord, so that God is angry with a great many people and turns His face from them in anger because of the iniquities of those among us who practice wrongful deeds, covertly or overtly.
And woe to those by whom God will be distressed and from whose midst He will seek for a way to come, like a just man, having sought for a way to abandon a people because of their wicked deeds, as the prophet says: Who is it that will give to me in the desert a distant dwelling place? That I may abandon this people and remain far removed from them.'
Blessed is everyone with whom God will be satisfied that He may be pleased to remain in their midst, like a just man content with just men and pleased to remain in their midst, because He Himself the Lord is in their midst at all times because of the right and just deeds.
All those of us who see a deceitful thing in defilement or blasphemy or any other sort of sin leading to death and do not tell me who or what those wicked deeds are, all these curses will come down upon them from God, whether man or woman.
